Validate secured service URLs based on their certificate (#32)
LiskHQ/app-registry: docs/creating-pull-request-from-a-fork.md

## Creating a pull request from a fork

> 1. Navigate to the repository where you created your fork.
> 
> 2. Above the list of files, in the yellow banner, click **Compare & pull request** to create a pull request for the associated branch.
> 
>    ![Compare pull request](./assets/contributing/pull-request-compare-pull-request.png)
> 
> 3. On the page to create a new pull request, click **compare across forks**.
> 
>    ![Compare across forks](./assets/contributing/compare-across-forks-link.webp)
> 
> 4. In the "base branch" dropdown menu, select the main branch of the app-registry.
> 
>    ![Choose base fork and branch](./assets/contributing/choose-base-fork-and-branch.png)
> 
> 5. In the "head fork" dropdown menu, select your fork, then use the "compare branch" drop-down menu to select the branch you made your changes in.
> 
>    ![Choose head fork compare branch](./assets/contributing/choose-head-fork-compare-branch.png)
> 
> 6. Type a title and description for your pull request.
> 
> 7. On user-owned forks, if you want to allow anyone with push access to the upstream repository to make changes to your pull request, select **Allow edits from maintainers**.
> 
> 8. To create a pull request that is ready for review, click **Create Pull Request**. To create a draft pull request, use the drop-down and select **Create Draft Pull Request**, then click **Draft Pull Request**.
> 
> > **Note:** Please make sure to validate your PR to ensure that all GitHub Actions checks are passing. This will help ensure that your changes meet the project's quality standards and do not introduce any errors or issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the forked repository.

2. Above the list of files, in the yellow banner, click the **Compare & pull request** button to create a pull request for the associated branch.

   ![Compare pull request](./assets/contributing/pull-request-compare-pull-request.png)

3. On the next page, click on the **compare across forks** link.

   ![Compare across forks](./assets/contributing/compare-across-forks-link.webp)

4. Next, set "base repository" to `LiskHQ/app-registry` and `base` to `main`.

   ![Choose base fork and branch](./assets/contributing/choose-base-fork-and-branch.png)

5. Next, select your own repository as the `head repository` from the drop-down and set `compare` to the branch containing your changes.

   ![Choose head fork compare branch](./assets/contributing/choose-head-fork-compare-branch.png)

6. Type a title and description for your pull request.

7. On user-owned forks, if you want to allow anyone with push access to the upstream repository to make changes to your pull request, select **Allow edits from maintainers**.

8. To create a pull request that is ready for review, click **Create Pull Request**. To create a draft pull request, use the drop-down and select **Create Draft Pull Request**, then click **Draft Pull Request**.

> **Note:** Please make sure to validate your PR to ensure that all GitHub Actions checks are passing. This will help ensure that your changes meet the project's quality standards and do not introduce any errors or issues.
```
